Our northern army makes way
Send the soldiers back to their hometowns
What do you want?
Send this man to the front line to wait for cannon fodder
Yes, don't, hey.
The boss's house was looted
What happened to Lord Long Shuai?
I just got word that your homeland is being forcibly demolished
The situation is not optimistic
Chang'an
No, mom's still at home
Shovel all those poor people's fields for me
Why don't you look good?
The Hall of Heroic Souls restarts this time
Long Shuai is here
within a hundred miles
Leave no grass
Feng Shao, you are still the best
I know that Lord Long Shuai likes to clean
Take this hall of heroic souls
All the houses in the surrounding 10 miles were demolished
That is
OK
That mourning hall seems to be your husband's house
Oh, Mr. Feng, you really hate it
That Shucheng is no longer my husband, is it true?
Of course it's true.
If you don't believe me, let's go first.
OK
Demolish the mourning hall now
Hahahahaha
My sister has her father-in-law's mind in this life
What are you doing?
Shut up, old man
I'm telling you, I'm no longer the daughter-in-law of the dead
But you're going to be here.
What will I do in the future?
What does life or death have to do with me?
Hahaha yes
Hongchen, you said to prepare a gift for Long Shun
What is this gift?
Bring it up.
Is this our sister Su Xue?
It's Su Xue
Su Xue as the first beautiful woman in Haicheng
It's my gift to Long Shuai
Sister, why is it you?
Do you also have a share in the demolition of your brother-in-law's house?
You can pick it up, you deserve to educate me
Okay, okay.
Somebody, bring me this old thing
Tear down this broken mourning hall for me
Let go of me
Ah no